Please don’t hesitate to deny and give reasons
This feedbacks are anonymous


17)Do you give feedbacks for the university? Why do you/ why do you not?

13.How important do you think feedback is for the university or any organization?
According to you, how important it is to take feedbacks for any organization in general or university in particular?

10. Do you know about chatbots? Have you ever used it? you think it is a cool to use?

7. Do you think that the feedbacks you give, is reflected in the system? Why ?

11. There are always 0-5 scales for feedback. Do you like that system? Have you ever encountered in a situation where you want to give between 3-4?

8. There are hundreds of responses for the feedback. What do you think we should do with it?
What would be a good way to get information out of it?

14.Have you ever been in a situation where your professor has knowledge but you are not able to understand because approaches are different. Your professor tries hard to make you understand but you cant. What do you think should be done about it. Share some experience.


19)are you satisfied with the current feedback system? What do you like /What you don’t like about it?

15a).If you have a choice, would you prefer to ask any doubt personally or in a class ? Why?
15b)Or would you prefer to write it to an app which stays anonymous?


16)Do you have any small issue with the university that you would like to be solved?
Did you do anything about it?


18)what if we can give feedback to professor while class is going on? And professor can actually see the results live? To change the method and adapt according to students…

20)Has this happened to you before that something changed in a system, and you just gave a feedback some time ago. How do you feel about it ? 

21)Do you like to contribute to make any system or university better ? How do you like to do that? What are the ways?

22)Have you used google forms or any other online system?

5. Explain the system and ask what are your comments are on the system?
Explain about the system now

2. Do you think every education system should have an interactive feedback system?

6. What do you prefer apart from this approach? Suggestions
